Use requester-pays for mirroring in AnVIL deployments (#7794, #7955) (#7806)
DataBiosphere/azul: README.md

9. `_refresh`

> ### 3.2.3 Terra workspace for egress charges

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3.2.3 Terra workspace for requester-pays with TDR
```

> Terra has a feature called "requester pays" that allows for data egress charges

Reviewer: Technically speaking, "requester pays" is a GCS feature. AWS S3 has it too, and uses the same name. IOW, TDR (not Terra) just exposes that feature to us.

(e.g. from mirroring) to be billed to a Terra billing project instead of being
paid for by Terra. Billing projects are a concept internal to Terra, separate
from Google Cloud projects or accounts. To use requester-pays, Azul must be
configured with a Google Project ID associated with a Terra billing project.
This project ID is obtained by creating and configuring a Terra workspace,
which must be done manually.

To set up a workspace ofr requester-pays for a given deployment:

> 1. If the deployment's service accounts have not already been

Reviewer: Empty lines between paragraphs. Multi-line list items constitute paragraphs.
